It is certain that A(It is not beneficial for xxx to do d xxxx) because xxxxx.

To be more specific, instead of xxxxx, A not only xxxxx but also xxxxxx, which in turn helps xxxxxx.

For example, 起因，经过，结果. 

Still, a might claim that 改写同学的观点. However, xxxx


## 综合写作的大纲

We can learn from the reading that xxx. Three theories are proposed in the reading,  while all of them are refuted by the lecture.

First, the reading claims that xxxx. However, the lecture does not agree with the idea and claims that xxx. 

Second, the reading indicates that. Nevertheless, the lecture counteracts the idea:

Third, the reading demonstrates that xxx. Still, the listening argues against such opinion- xxx.








We can learn from the reading that recently a paint was on sale, which was believed as the portraits of Jane Austen. Three theories are proposed in reading,  while all of them are refuted by the lecture.

First, the reading claims that Austen's family used the portrait as an illustration in an edition of her letters. As a result, they could recognized it and they has claimed that the girl in the portrait is Jane Austen. However, the lecture does not agree with the idea and claims that the Austen's family were allowed to use Austen's portrait after 70 years Austen has dead. Thus, they never have seen the Austen and can not recognize Austen certainly.

Second, the reading indicates that the face in the portrait clearly resembles the one depicts Austen in adult. Nevertheless, the lecture counteracts the idea: Austen is a large family. Therefore, Austen had many relatives that were resemble to her, such as her two female teenager cousins at that time.

Third, the reading demonstrates that there is evidence that it was painted when Austen was a teenager since the style of the portraits Ozias Humphrey who as active at the time when Austen  was teenager. Still, the listening argues against such opinion - it was just the style links to the Ozias Humphrey.  And the blank canvass which showed the time of the portraits was sold by another one who din not sale when Austen was a teenager. So the girl on the portrait was not the Austen.



