# U1（make friends & relax）
Personally speaking, I would prefer to do/choose ... (A/B)

First, XXX can be a good way for students to take a break from studying. You know(take me as an example), as a student, I'm really busy with my studies. Whenever I feel exhausted~/ after a whole day's study and tired of learning my major subjects, sth/doing sth) can be a good way for me/ to release my stress.

Second, I can enlarge my social network by (doing...). Cuz I can always meet different people with similar interests. And a lot of friends around me are interested in .., we can play ... together(and, like, have lot of common topics to share with each other). Usually, we can have so much fun.

For these 2 reasons, I prefer ...

# U2 （植物 & 公园）
First, planting trees helps protect the environment. Since trees can absorb carbon dioxide, conserve water and prevent soil。

Second, I think more trees can give people opportunities to relax. You know, being surrounded by trees is always beneficial to one's mental health. Actually, wandering in a park abundant with trees can provide one with the perfect opportunity to reflect on his daily struggles and successes. After all, fantastic successes always has a way of relieving people's stress and making their lives more manageable.

# U3 (Internet & Cellphone)
First, I believe the Internet is the easiest source of entertainment. For example, with a cellphone(/computer) in front of me, I can play games, listen to music, and watch the latest shows on demand. Actually, with the help of Internet, I'm always satisfied

Second, I think the Internet simplifies communication. For example, it used to take my mom days to receive a letter from my dad, who worked in a faraway place. But unlike that generation, the only thing I need to do whenever I miss my friends is to give them a video call on my phone, and I can not only hear their voices, but also see their smiling faces within seconds, which is really convenient as well as time-saving.

# U4 （family & friend）
First, talking with my friends can be a good way for me to relax. You know, talking with them usually helps me relieve stress, which in turn leaves me energized for my study. And I can always have a better study efficiency this way.

Second, my friends/family can be a good source of help with my studies. For instance, I'm not good at history（or 另一个学科）. And whenever I struggle to understand how an important historical event affects the present, I will go to my friends and have group study with them, and they can always lend me a hand (by offering me some different perspectives to look at the problem).

# U5 （Travel & Money & Time）
You know what, l'm a big fan of traveling. Since I believe traveling can push me to broaden my perspective and see the world in a different way.

I think/ the problem of always staying in one place for a long time is that my world might get smaller.

So..（when l have time/money/因为做⋯而省了时间/钱。。。)
I will definitely go to some place new and different to travel, to try to experience something that I have never experienced in my hometown(/长待的地方). And I can always be a better person afterwards.

# U6 （Hard Work & 品质类抽象话题）
In order to be good at something, one has to spend a lot of time on practicing. Since practicing ... can help me cultivate a good work ethic, which I believe, is the most important quality if I want to be successful in ... (school/academic performance/life/future career)

Well, intelligence may yield twice the result with half the effort, but it's never the guarantee of success. In fact, I think the world is full of gifted

And I believe the greatest predictor of being successful in .. is how many hours are devoted to the goal. Actually, the more students practice the skill(of...), the better they will become at what they are trying to accomplish.

After all, it's always hard work supporting one's natural talents that guarantees life-long success.

# U7 （北京&城市&交通&国家环境&健康类）
For example, currently I'm living in Beijing, the capital of China.

Every year when it comes to winter, Beijing will suffer from very serious air pollution.

In fact, the poor air quality outside has not only brought us inconvenience of not being able to do outdoor exercise, but it has also become one of the reasons that'll contribute to some of the serious illnesses, such as lung cancer and heart disease.

So we should (/not) ...

# U8 （Shopping & 省钱&时间&住远住近）

First, doing ... (shopping in a large store) saves my time. As a student, I'm really busy with my studies, since a large store has a large selection of goods, giving me the opportunity to buy all I need at one time, and I can use the time I save to study more(/do things that I like).Eg...

What's more, I can save more money by doing.(shopping in a large store). Cuz large stores always have certain sales promotion activities that give big discount. And when products are relatively cheaper, I can save money by shopping in a large store. You know, it can really add up in the long run. Plus. with the money I save from this and that. I will be able to make more expensive purchasing decision/ from time to time.