# Malicious code （Malware）
Definition of traditional computer viruses: a set of computer instructions or programs that can destroy computer functions or data and self-replicating, which are programmed as or inserted into programs.

The official definition of computer viruses doesn’t cover the new malicious codes.

Definition of malicious codes: Software or codes aimed at destroying hardware or software, stealing user information or disturbing users without authorization.

Traditional computer viruses
Trojan Horses
Worms
Rogue software（流氓软件）
Backdoor
Mobile malicious code
…
## Classification of malicious code
Traditional computer viruses
1. Infect the operating system boot loader
2. Infect executable files
3. Infect data file
Other malicious code
Trojan Horses, worms, rogue software, backdoor, mobile malicious code…
## Virus
Virus: a special program that can reproduce itself by attaching its code to another program. Once executed, the virus can do whatever damages onto the victim’s computer.
1. A program which can reproduce itself
2. Attaching to another program
3. Do damages
Features of virus
1. Fast to spread
2. Difficult to detect
3. Difficult to delete

## Worms
Worm: A kind of malwares that exploit system vulnerabilities for self-reproduction. Without attaching to other programs, it can  be executed independently. 

Worms can cause network congestion. 
  A worm consist of two programs:
 1. The bootstrap
 2. The worm proper
  A worm hides its existence firstly,  and then it attempts to spread its bootstrap to other machines connected to the host computer.

## Trojan Horses
- Control a victim’s computer via a specific program called the Trojan horse program.

- No self-reproduction; No voluntary infection

 - Break into a victim’s computer by hidden in software or a Web page that people voluntarily download. 

- The malware can steal the victim’s files, remotely control the victim’s computer once the downloaded Trojan horse program gets executed

Features:
- Invisibility: the primary feature; no icon, not appear in the software manager, etc.
- Autorunning
- Fraudulence: deceptive names, commonly used icons
- Automatic recovery
- Open specific ports automatically

